Add inheritsPermissionsFrom to unifiedroledefinition (#9390)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/unifiedroledefinition.md

|resourceScopes|String collection| List of scopes permissions granted by the role definition apply to. Currently only "/" is supported. Read-only when isBuiltIn is true. **DO NOT USE. This is going to be deprecated soon. Attach scope to role assignment** | 
|rolePermissions|[unifiedRolePermission](unifiedrolepermission.md) collection| List of permissions included in the role. Read-only when isBuiltIn is true. Required. |
|templateId|String| Custom template identifier that can be set when isBuiltIn is false. This identifier is typically used if one needs an identifier to be the same across different directories. Read-only when isBuiltIn is true. |

> |inheritsPermissionsFrom| [unifiedRoleDefinition](unifiedroledefinition.md) collection| Read-only collection of role definitions that the given role definition inherits from. So far, only Azure AD built-in roles supports this attribute. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|inheritsPermissionsFrom| [unifiedRoleDefinition](unifiedroledefinition.md) collection| Read-only collection of role definitions that the given role definition inherits from. Only Azure AD built-in roles support this attribute. |
```

Author: Fixed
